# Network-Protocol-Analyzer
The security of computer networks under the current TCP/IP protocol network framework still faces many potential risks. People need software tools that can capture and analyze packets transmitted over the network to help them monitor network conditions and secure the network. Based on this, a network protocol analyzer with various functions such as network protocol analysis was designed and programmed.

This programming is mainly based on WinPcap and JPcap software development package. WinPcap is a function library for accessing the underlying network under the Windows system. It can skip the network protocol stack to access the underlying network directly. JPcap is a Java class library that can call raw sockets and WinPcap, reduce the difficulty of network programming, and solve Java's difficulties in accessing the network layer and those layers that are below the network layer. This study takes advantage of the great functions of JPcap and successfully performs a comprehensive analysis of different kinds of levels of protocols in the OSI model. People need to have the JPcap JAR class file before executing the program.

This Network Protocol Analyzer has various functions. Before the packet starts to be captured, the user can set the capture conditions, including network card information, capture mode, and filter information. Users can manually start and stop packet capture and analyze packet information based on the protocol kind and format after capturing. Besides, users can save and open data packets locally and perform statistical analysis on the data packets. Moreover, this software also provides host, network card and other information for users.
